<!-- Generated by OHiSee Office-to-Markdown Converter -->
<!-- Source: 4.12F2 BRC Third Party Contractors Agreement Rev 2.pdf -->
<!-- Conversion Date: 2025-09-30 16:23:06 -->

Third Party Contractors Agreement

Product Safety and Quality Management System

Doc Ref  4.12F2
Rev No:  2
Page:
Date:

Page 1 of 3
13 August 2021

Approved
By:

Director

Name:

Clive Schlachter

Signed:

TRANSPORTER

PHYSICAL ADDRESS

CONTACT PERSON

CONTACT NUMBER

EMAIL ADDRESS

This  contract  serves  as  an  official  agreement  between  Kangopak  and  ……………………….
highlighting  that  the  transportation  and  distribution  of  Kangopak  products  shall  be  conducted  in  a
manner  as  much  as  possible  and  to  the  best  of  the  Transporters  ability  to  prevent  damage,
contamination  or  deterioration  of  the  product.  Being  a  company  which  produces  packaging  used  in
the food industries, Kangopak is subject to stringent requirements and audited by various companies.
Kangopak is certified against BRC/IOP Global Standard for Packaging & Packaging Materials.

Vehicle Requirements

To  the  best  of  the  Transporters  knowledge  and  acknowledging  the  fact  that  third  party  transporters
may be used

•  All  vehicles  must  be  washed  in  an  approved manner  as  often  as necessary  to  keep  them
free from build-up and foreign material contamination. Interior of vehicles must be dry prior
to loading.

•  Vehicles must be sound, in good repair, the walls and floor free of splintering wood, be fully

enclosed with doors sealing correctly and must be free from leaks.

•  Vehicles must be free from the evidence of rodents, insects, birds, dirt, rust and scale, oil,
grease, visible mould, metal, glass, objectionable odours, toxic chemical residues, cleaning
material residues and all types of foreign material.

Loading and Transportation Requirements

To  the  best  of  the  Transporters  knowledge  and  acknowledging  the  fact  that  third  party  transporters
may be used:

•  When present, all doors not essential to the loading operation must be closed, as well as

all other access points.

•  All  open  doors,  including  the  one  being  loaded,  shall  be  protected  so  that  contaminants

cannot enter the vehicle.

Controlled Copy

Third Party Contractors Agreement

Product Safety and Quality Management System

Doc Ref  4.12F2
Rev No:  2
Page:
Date:

Page 2 of 3
13 August 2021

Approved
By:

Director

Name:

Clive Schlachter

Signed:

•  Kangopak  products  shall  not  be  transported  in  mixed  loads  with  other  materials  where
contamination  may  occur  due  to  foreign  substances,  toxic  materials,  off  odours  or  other
conditions, which may render our product unacceptable (bearing in mind that the
Transporter  is  not  aware  of  the  contents  of  all  packaged  consignment  goods transported
by  the  Transporter  which  are  not  necessarily  disclosed  by  the  Shippers  or  may  not  be
disclosed due to the nature of the customer/transporter relationship.)
If  third  parties  are  used,  they  are  versed  in  the  requirements  of  BRC  IoP  and  shall
endeavour as much as possible to adhere to these requirements

•

•  Appropriate  controls  during  transportation  (including  multiple  deliveries),  to  protect  the

product from contamination and damage shall be implemented to the best.

Security

To ensure security of products during transit where stopping is required between
destinations the drivers shall ensure that:

•  The vehicle is not left unattended
•  Physical security is checked periodically

Site Rules

To ensure that the transport companies adhere to BRC/IOP Global Standard for Packaging &
Packaging Materials requirements, rules have been drawn up for drivers, sub-drivers and their
employees to abide by whilst same are on the company’s property.

•  All drivers are required to report to Reception.  All drivers entering the production are will be

required to complete the Visitor’s Questionnaire.

•  All drivers should have suitable personal protective clothing when performing any work in

Production areas. This includes, if applicable, safety footwear and clothing cover garments. All
clothing should be clean and pose no threat to product safety and quality.

•  No persons are permitted to smoke in the production areas. Smoking may only take place in

designated areas.

•  Eating and drinking may only take place in designated canteen areas.

•    No jewellery is allowed in the production areas except for a plain wedding band.
•  Do not touch any products, packaging or machine parts.

•  Breakage of glass of any kind must be reported immediately to the operating personnel. Glass

breakage procedure to be followed to clear and report glass breakage

•  Do not talk or interfere with staff operating equipment to avoid distractions and accidents

Controlled Copy

Third Party Contractors Agreement

Product Safety and Quality Management System

Doc Ref  4.12F2
Rev No:  2
Page:
Date:

Page 3 of 3
13 August 2021

Approved
By:

Director

Name:

Clive Schlachter

Signed:

It is herewith confirmed that ……………………………………….. understands and agrees to the
above mentioned procedures that shall be maintained to the best of your knowledge and ability.

Signed on behalf of ………………………

Name

Signature

Designation

Name

Signature

Designation

Date

Signed on behalf of Kangopak (Pty) Ltd

Date

Date

21 June 2016

Rev
no.
1

Distribution List

Changes made

SD, REC

Added site rules

13 August 2021

2

SD, REC

Security
To ensure security of products during transit where stopping is required between
destinations the drivers shall ensure that:

•
•

The vehicle is not left unattended
Physical security is checked periodically

Controlled Copy

