<!-- Generated by OHiSee Office-to-Markdown Converter -->
<!-- Source: 3.4F5 BRC Supplier Agreement - Calibration Rev 0.pdf -->
<!-- Conversion Date: 2025-09-30 16:13:06 -->

Supplier Agreement: Calibration

Product Safety and Quality Management System

Doc Ref  3.4F5
Rev No:  0
Page:
Date:

Page 1 of 1
11 February 2019

Director

Name:

Clive Schlachter

Signed:

Approved
By:

Date:

Supplier Name:
Address of Manufacturing:
Tel:
Contact Person:

Company Details

Fax:
Email:

Products Supplied:

Does the company have a Quality certificate? Circle the appropriate one:

Quality Related:

HACCP

ISO/FSSC
22000

BRC

ISO
9001

If other, please indicate which:
Please add copy of certificate (s).
If no, please state which certification & planned date:

Other

As part of our Quality System, The company has certain requirements from suppliers.
Calibrations will be done as follow:

Supplier Agreement

-  All equipment will have an identification code and a calibration due date.
-
Calibrations will be only done by trained and competent personnel.
-  where possible, calibration shall be traceable to a recognised national or international standard.
-  Where a traceable calibration is not possible the contractor will demonstrate the basis by which it is

carried out.

The following documents are required for all the equipment delivered to The Company

Calibration certificate.

-
-  Documentation to show traceability to a recognised national or international standard.

I……………………………………………, as the representative of this supplier, hereby declare the above information to be
accurate and I agree to supply The Company with all required documentation.

Position within Company: ………………………………………………………………

Signature: …………………………………………………

