<!-- Generated by OHiSee Office-to-Markdown Converter -->
<!-- Source: 3.4F6 BRC Supplier Agreement - Product and Safety Consultant.pdf -->
<!-- Conversion Date: 2025-09-30 16:13:06 -->

SUPPLIER QUESTIONNAIRE – PRODUCT AND
SAFETY CONSULTING

Product Safety and Quality Management System

Doc Ref
Rev No:
Page:
Date:

3.4F6
0
Page 1 of 1

27 March 2020

Approved By:  Director

Name:   Clive Schlachter

Signed:

Date:

Supplier Name:
Address of Manufacturing:
Tel:
Contact Person:

Company Details

Fax:
Email:

Products Supplied:

Supplier Criteria

Does the consultant have relevant experience on food and beverage
manufacturing?
Does the consultant have relevant experience in food packaging?
Does the consultant have relevant experience in BRC Standards (Food,
Packaging etc.)? Please add copy of certificate (s).
Does the consultant have relevant competence and experience in Internal
Auditing?
Does the consultant have applicable food and systems qualifications?
Supplier Agreement

Yes

Yes
Yes

Yes

Yes

No

No
No

No

No

N/A

N/A
N/A

N/A

N/A

As part of our Management System, Kangopak has certain requirements from product and safety consultants:

-

Relevant information detailing experience and qualifications

The following criteria/service expectations is agreed upon:

-  Completion of assessment (Internal and Compliance Audits) of system requirements against applicable

standard

-  Reporting in a clear manner to ensure information is integrated into Kangopak systems and documentation.
-  From time to time assist in developing documentation needed.
-  Coaching of representative and other staff to understand and manage system.
-  Client has off-site access to consulting service on email/telephone.
-  Provide support and clearing findings for successful certification.

I……………………………………………, as the representative of this supplier, hereby declare the above
information to be accurate and I agree to supply Kangopak with all required documentation.

Position within Company: ………………………………………………………………

Signature: …………………………………………………

