<!-- Generated by OHiSee Office-to-Markdown Converter -->
<!-- Source: 3.7F3 BRC Certificate of Conformance Flat Pouch Rev 10.pdf -->
<!-- Conversion Date: 2025-09-30 16:13:10 -->

Flat Pouch

KP Internal ref no.

Date
Customer
Product Description
Customer Reference (if app.)
PO Number
Tax Invoice Number
Work Order Number
Carton Number/(s)

Material Specification

Material Construction

Overall Gauge

Tolerance

+/- 7%
+/- 7%

Front Panel
Back Panel

Appearance
OPRL / PIC *
Trademark / Brand Name

Certificate of Conformance

Specification

Tolerance

Width

Height

Gusset Height

Zipper Size

Zipper Position from Top
Zipper Opening Force (N) (Customer side/Product
side)
Tear Nick Position from Top

Euro Slot Position from Top

Rounded Corners

Side Seal Width

Cross Seal Width

Carton Type/Size/Reference

Carton Liners

Carton Labels

Standardised Packing Instructions (Qty per Carton)

+/-2mm

+/- 2mm

+/- 2mm

+/-1mm

+/- 2mm

Within Specification Range

+/- 2mm

+/- 1mm

None

+/- 1mm

+/- 2mm

None

None

None

None

This certificate serves as a confirmation that your order has been produced in accordance with
Kangopak’s standard procedures to assure compliance to agreed specifications and tolerances.
The information provided in this certificate must only be used for the WO number detailed above,
as it is subject to change for WO numbers.

Form no. 3.7F3

Rev. no. 10

28/11/2023                 Controlled Copy

PRODUCT SAFETY

I.

II.

III.

IV.
V.

The raw materials used in the construction of this product comply with FDA regulation 177.1520 and are safe
for food contact applications when used unmodified and in accordance with good manufacturing practices.
The resin suppliers declare compliance with Commission Regulation (EC) No 552/2009 dated 22 June 2009
and Framework Regulation (EC) No. 1935/2004.
Polyester (PET) films in this product adhere to FDA regulation CFR177.1630. Only monomers listed in EC
directive 975/2009/EC are used.
Polyethylene films with functional barriers comply with FDA regulation 175.300.
The PVDC in our products is in line with EU Legislation: Regulation Plastic EU 10/2011, including the
amendment EC 1183/2012.

VI.  Overall migration testing follows the BS EN ISO 1186 series of standards and Commission Regulation No.

VII.
VIII.

IX.

10/2011, as subsequently amended.
This product is manufactured without the use of post-consumer recycled materials.
Uncoated PET shows Oxygen Transmission Rates greater than 100cc. Test conditions: 23ºC and 50% RH.
Test Method: Mocon OX-TRAN 150 - ASTM F 3985. All OTR test results are traceable to our internal Mocon
schedule test report dated 06 September 2022, showing results of 5.488 - LB.
Coated PET shows Oxygen Transmission Rates less than 8cc. Test conditions: 23ºC and 50% RH. Test
Method: Mocon OX-TRAN 150 - ASTM F 3985. All OTR test results are traceable to our internal Mocon
schedule test report dated 06 September 2022, showing results of 5.488 - LB.

XI.

XII.

X.  Metalised Polyester shows Oxygen Transmission Rates less than 0.6cc. Test conditions: 23ºC and 50% RH.
Test Method: Mocon OX-TRAN 150 - ASTM F 3985. All OTR test results are traceable to our internal Mocon
schedule test report dated 06 September 2022, showing results of 5.488 - LB.
Coated PET has a Water Moisture Transfer Rate of 11 grams. Test conditions: 38ºC and 90% RH.  Test
Method: Mocon OX-TRAN 150 - ASTM F 3985. All OTR test results are traceable to our internal Mocon
schedule test report dated 06 September 2022, showing results of 5.488 - LB.
This product complies with the South African Foodstuffs, Cosmetics and Disinfectants Act (Act 54 of 1972) and
its associated food packaging and labelling regulations.
Storage Guidelines: The product must be stored at 5 – 35 ºC, shielded from direct sunlight and in a moisture-
free environment.
Cooking Limitations: This product is not designed to hold food during cooking.
High-Temperature Caution: Take precautionary measures when packaging products under high heat or steam
conditions. Continuous monitoring of material integrity is advised.
Acidity Monitoring: Products with elevated acidity levels must undergo post-packaging monitoring and must be
fit for purpose.
Coated Material Limitation: Coated materials are not recommended for liquid packaging applications.

XVII.
XVIII.  Migration Testing: Due to the varied applications for which this product may be used, migration testing is the

XIV.
XV.

XVI.

XIII.

XIX.
XX.

user's responsibility to ensure compatibility and safety for their specific use.
Shelf Life of the Product: The product is designed for usage within a 6-month from receipt
Shelf Life of Contents: Determining the shelf life of the contents packaged in this product is the responsibility of
the customer or user.

XXI.  Material Suitability: Products manufactured with Metalised Polyester material are optimally suited for packaging

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

XXV.

dry goods.
Zipper Specification: Pouches equipped with a resealable zipper are recommended for the packaging of dry or
granular products.
Traceability: It is imperative to retain the carton labels featuring traceability details. If feedback is required,
please submit these details in the prescribed manner
Documentation: Failure to maintain and produce the required documentation, such as traceability records, voids
any claims against Kangopak.
User Responsibility: The onus remains on the user to verify the product's appropriateness for its intended
application. Kangopak is not liable for damages or safety concerns that arise from misuse or use of the product
in applications for which it is not intended.

Authorised by:

Form no. 3.7F3

Rev. no. 10

28/11/2023                 Controlled Copy

