<!-- Generated by OHiSee Office-to-Markdown Converter -->
<!-- Source: 4.12.1 BRCGS Vehicle Policy Rev 0.docx -->
<!-- Conversion Date: 2025-09-30 16:23:54 -->

1. **PURPOSE**

This policy aims to regulate the effective use of company vehicles by employees, prevent the misuse or abuse of company vehicles, and protect the employer's interests in this regard.

1. **USE OF COMPANY VEHICLES**
   1. Company vehicles may only be used for official business purposes by employees who the employer authorizes to do so.
   2. No employee may, under any circumstances, without permission from the employer:
      1. Use company vehicles for private purposes.
      2. Transport any private person in or on any company vehicle.
   3. The employer shall be indemnified against any action, due to an employee's failure to comply with this provision.
2. **DAMAGES DUE TO WILLFUL, NEGLIGENT OR UNLAWFUL CONDUCT**
   1. Should the employee, as a driver of a company vehicle, be involved in an accident or otherwise cause damage to such a vehicle due to wilful, negligent or unlawful conduct, he/she will be responsible for all damages caused to the vehicle/ insurance excess payable by the employer.
   2. The employee will also be subject to disciplinary action, in terms of the employer's disciplinary code, for any wilful, negligent or unlawful conduct causing damage to the employer.
   3. The above damage / insurance excess shall also be deducted from the employee's remuneration as follows:
      1. In accordance with a written acknowledgement of responsibility and permission to deduct the amount of damages, signed by the employee or
      2. Should the employee fail or refuse to sign the above acknowledgement:
         1. The employer shall follow a fair procedure to determine the employee's guilt with regard to the damage.
         2. Should the employee be found guilty of causing the above damage, the employee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to show why the deductions should not be made;
         3. Should the employee not provide sufficient reasons for not deducting the damages/insurance excess, the company shall deduct the damages/insurance excess subject to the limitations as per section 34(2) of the BCEA or relevant legislation.
3. **TRAFFIC OFFENCES / FINES**
   1. Should any employee, as a driver of a company vehicle, be responsible for any traffic offence, the employee will be responsible for all such fines due to such conduct.
   2. Any fines which relates to the maintenance of or defects on the company vehicle shall be the responsibility of the company, unless the driver failed to inspect the vehicle and/or report any such defect, prior to utilizing the company vehicle.
   3. Should the company receive any Infringement Notice, issued in terms of AARTO Act (46 of 1998), for traffic offences committed by an employee, as driver of the company vehicle, the company will be compelled to nominated such an employee as the driver of the relevant vehicle in terms of section 17(1)(f)(v) of the above act, upon which the issuing authority may serve an infringement notice on such employee for the alleged infringement.
   4. Employees who are to be authorised to drive company vehicles are compelled to provide the employer with their full names, identification, residential & postal addresses, before such employee will be allowed to utilise a company vehicle. Any employee authorized to drive a company vehicle, must also inform the employer of any change with regard to the above details, within 2 days from such change. Any employee who fails or refuses to provide such information to the employer or notify the employer of any changes, will be subject to disciplinary action being taken against him/her.
4. **SUSPENSION OR CANCELATION OF DRIVERS LICENSES**
   1. Should any employee's driver's license be suspended or cancelled in terms of the AARTO Act, due to the employee accumulating more than 12 demerit points on his driver's license or his/her driver's license being suspended for a 3rd time, irrespective of whether these points were accumulated by the employee in his private capacity or during the course of his/her employment, such employee will immediately notify the employer of such suspension or cancellation.
   2. Such an employee will also, from the date of such suspension or cancellation, be unfit and not authorised to drive any company vehicle for the duration of such suspension or cancellation.
   3. Such an employee may also:
      1. Be transferred by the employer to a suitable alternative position, if available, and should the employee be transferred by agreement, his / her remuneration may be adjusted; accordingly, alternatively if no agreement to that effect can be reached.
      2. Be placed on unpaid leave.

for the duration of such suspension or cancellation.

* 1. The employer shall immediately initiate Incapacity Procedures against any employee who:
     1. Fails to apply to the authorities or fails in his application for the return of his/her suspended driver's license or the issuing of a new license; or
     2. Refuses to have his/her driver's license returned or re-issued; or within a reasonable time after the disqualification period in terms of the AARTO Act has expired.
  2. Any employee who fails to inform the employer of the suspension or cancelation of his/her driver's license shall be subject to disciplinary action being taken against him/her.
  3. The employer shall have the right to access any employee's demerit points history, who is to be authorised to drive a company vehicle, and such employee shall authorise the company, by completing the necessary documentation in terms of the AARTO Act, to access such records.

1. **INSURANCE CLAIMS**
   1. Should any insurance claim, regarding any damages caused to a company vehicle, be rejected due to an employee's (as driver of the company vehicle):
      1. Operating the vehicle while his/her driver's license was suspended or cancelled; and or
      2. Negligent or unlawful acts.

such employee will be held responsible for all damage caused to the company vehicle as per paragraph 3 above.

* 1. If the company vehicle is fitted with a gear lock or alarm, the employee, as authorised driver of the vehicle, must at all times engage or activate such device whenever the company vehicle is not in use.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

EMPLOYER / MANAGER DATE

I confirm' that this policy was brought to my attention and that I understand the contents thereof. I also confirm that I received a copy of this policy from my employer.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

EMPLOYEE DATE

|  |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Date | Rev no. | Distribution List | Changes made |
| 27 June 2024 | 0 | SD, REC, WH | Form Generated |