<!-- Generated by OHiSee Office-to-Markdown Converter -->
<!-- Source: 1.3F13 BRC Job Description - Setter Operator MDB Rev 2.docx -->
<!-- Conversion Date: 2025-09-29 23:12:10 -->

|  |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Job Title** | Setter/Operator (MDB spout inserting machine) | **Department:** | Operations |
| **Incumbent** |  | **Reports to:** | Team Leader |
| **Date** |  |  |  |

Position Overview

* Set MDB spout inserter machine in a safe manner.
* Operate MDB in a safe manner.
* Packing of finished goods/WIP for pouch making machines & MDB spout inserting machines.
* Compliance with BRCGSrequirements**.**

Essential Job Functions

* Ensure requirements of the OHS Act are complied with.
* Setting of the MDB spout inserting machine.
* Ensure adherence to BRCGS.
* Efficient running of MDB spout inserting machine.
* Interpretation & completion of documentation pertaining to product safety and quality.
* Packing of Finished Goods in requisite manner.
* Carry out maintenance work on MDB spout inserting machine in accordance with the relevant Maintenance Plans.
* Carry out cleaning of pouch making machines & MDB spout inserting machine in accordance with the relevant Cleaning Schedule.
* Incoming inspections as per Inspection Plan.
* Picking of finished products.

Requirements

* Senior National Certificate.
* Exposure to manufacturing environment advantageous.

Other Skills/Abilities

* Attention to detail
* Mechanical aptitude

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Employee Operations Manager

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

NOTE: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as negotiated to meet the ongoing needs of the organization.