<!-- Generated by OHiSee Office-to-Markdown Converter -->
<!-- Source: 1.3F17 Job Description - Team Leader - Warehouse Rev 1.docx -->
<!-- Conversion Date: 2025-09-29 23:12:11 -->

|  |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Job Title** | Team Leader - Warehouse | **Department:** | Operations |
| **Incumbent** |  | **Reports to:** | Operations Manager |
| **Date** |  |  |  |

**Position Overview**

* Management of Raw Material and Finished Goods Warehouse
* Compliance of OHS Act and other relevant Legislation
* Compliance with BRCGSrequirements.

**Essential Job Functions**

* Ensure requirements of the OHS Act are complied with.
* Ensure adherence to BRCGS requirements.
* Receiving of Raw materials in prescribed manner.
* Housekeeping & Cleaning of Warehouse
* Interpretation & completion of documentation pertaining to product safety and quality.
* Packing of Finished Goods cartons in requisite manner.
* Picking of Finished Goods.
* Periodic Cycle Counts and Stock Takes
* Delivery of Finished Goods. (Driver)
* Operation of Forklift.

**Requirements**

* Previous experience in a Warehouse/Logistics environment.
* Computer Literate
* Ability to lift and pack cartons weighing more than >12kg’s from pallet on to shelves
* Exposure to manufacturing environment advantageous.
* Valid South African Driver’s License.
* Valid Forklift License

**Other Skills/Abilities**

* Initiative
* Attention to detail
* Ability to project a positive image of Kangopak while interacting with external parties

**\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_**

**Employee Manager**

**\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_**

**Date**

NOTE: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as negotiated to meet the ongoing needs of the organization.