<!-- Generated by OHiSee Office-to-Markdown Converter -->
<!-- Source: 1.4F1 BRC Management Review Minutes and Agenda Template Rev 6.txt -->
<!-- Conversion Date: 2025-09-29 23:12:13 -->


Time
Leader:Minutes:Meeting No.Date of Current meeting:Venue:  Present at meeting: Apologies: NoneAdditional copies to:
Agenda ItemOutcomeData AnalysisEvaluation / ConclusionAction RequiredResponsibilityDue DateFollow up DateStatus1 Meeting Objective * 2 Minutes of previous Management ReviewA. Acceptance of minutesNovember 2016B. Completed ActionsReview  & Record all Actions which are completed from the prior minutesC. Outstanding ActionsReview previously recorded actions and  record any outstanding actions to be carried forward3 Policy and Objectives – Suitability and ApplicabilityReview the Suitability of the Product Safety and Quality Policy and objectives

Policy Statement

ObjectivesDiscussed amongst Participants. No amendments to be made.

* Objective pertaining to “internal Audits” to be removed.
* Introduction of “Sustainable/Recyclable Material/Pouches into Product offering.nN?A4 Product Safety CultureReview effectiveness of completed and ongoing product safety culture plan activities5 Customer focus
Customer performance indicators, complaints and feedback1. Market Feedback in respect of Product Safety& Quality from the previous period
2. Discuss major Complaints and the Plans for Improvement. (Focus on effectiveness of root cause analysis and corrective actions)6 Legal and other compliance1. Review compliance with current requirements
2. Changes that have occurred in the Legislation,1 3. Changes that have occurred ito Customer Requirements or any other Baseline standards
4. Discuss forthcoming Effects due to the changes5. The impact of any applicable legislative and certification scheme changes7 Hazard and risk assessment
1. Status of current HACCP Studies 2. Effectiveness of Current CCP’s 3. Feed back from HACCP Studies 4. Validation of CCP’s / QCPs5. Operational analysis regarding Process variable control6. Review effectiveness of controls identified for fraud vulnerabilities2.0 Hazard & Risk Analysis  - Hazards identified for Fraud & Relevant Control MeasuresHazard :
Fraudulent use of Artwork
Raw Material Fraud
Control Measures in place:
* Graphic Design & Artwork Procedure in place – detailing process for handling artwork.
* Raw material fraud
* Security Procedure & Risk Assessment – detailing digital security measures.

Controls appear effective in management of risk as there have been no incidents of fraudulent use of artwork.

It was decided to investigate the use of electronic signatures for artwork to allow for “audit trail” of emails.

Hazard: Fraudulent use of trademark waste

Control Measures in place:
Waste Management Procedure in place –
Trademark waste is rendered unusable through an in-house destruction process.

Controls appear effective, no evidence of weaknesses identified.
Although it was noted in meeting on 06 Sept 2019, that the destruction process could be made more effective by mechanising the process.

Investigate the use of electronic signatures for sign off of artwork.

MES / CES

 30.11.2019
8 7
Product Safety and Quality Performance
- Production targets Operational and production targetsIncidents, Non-conformance, Corrective Action and Out-of- Specification ResultsReview trends on Product ConformanceReview Corrective Action Trends and effectiveness. (Focus on effectiveness of root cause analysis and corrective actions) Product Recall, withdrawal and Emergency situationsDiscuss Reasons for any Recalls within the last 6 Months, the cause and Actions to prevent a re-occurrence
Evaluation and effectivenessTraceabilityDiscuss9 Internal AuditsActivity audits - Review Trends, discuss major. Minor or Critical Categories or dept’s with concerns and Actions for improvingCCP / QCP audits - Review Trends, discuss major. Minor or Critical Categories or dept’s with concerns and Actions for improvingProcedure system audits - Review Trends, discuss major. Minor or Critical Categories or dept’s with concerns and Actions for improving. (Focus on effectiveness of root cause analysis and corrective actions)
Review Frequency of GMP Audits based on a Risk Assessment/Findings
10 External AuditsReview Trends, discuss major. Minor or Critical Categories or dept’s with concerns and Actions for improving. (Focus on effectiveness of root cause analysis and corrective actions) 11 BRC AuditFindings, Close-outs. (Focus on effectiveness of root cause analysis and corrective actions)12 Site Security & Product DefenceReview effectiveness of controls identified for product defence4.4F1 Site & Product Risk Assessment
4.4 Security Review of Assessment & procedure was conducted.
Controls identified are effectively implemented.
On review of “access control” it was decided to update the Security Procedure to include the requirement that should an employee leave their employment at the company the Code for the Electronic Keypad shall be changed.Update security Procedure  LYS30.11.201913 Resources1 A. Adequacy and Effectiveness1. Physical & IT Infrastructure;, , in the light of this review>
2. Facility & Product Security Measures
3. HR
4. Equipment,1 B. Training Needs5. Record additional Training needs in light of this review14 18Suppliers and SubcontractorsAReported Problems
Complaints and Risks
 (Review reports, audits etc pertaining to Suppliers)Isolate all Customer Complaints in relation to Co-Packer Products
Supply Feedback on Management Control Systems implementedBReview the need to change suppliers or improve the method of Supplier Management
15 New Organisational PS&QMS Objectives and continual Improvement TargetsDefine objectives for the forthcoming period
Ensure these objectives are consistent with the Product safety & Quality policy statement16 Overall Conclusion1. Draw conclusions pertaining to the continued suitability, adequacy and effectiveness of the PS&QMS
2. Ensure that the objectives of the meeting have been met,

DateRev no.Distribution ListChanges made13 February 20173REC, SDAdded (Focus on effectiveness of root cause analysis and corrective actions)22 February 20184REC, SDAdded Out-of- Specification Results to point no. 7  Product Safety and Quality Performance 11 October 20195REC, SDIncluded the following as Agenda Items :
* Review effectiveness of controls identified for product defence
* Review effectiveness of controls identified for product defence
(Corrective Action from BRC Audit Finding)10 July 20206REC, SDInclude
Product Safety Culture:  Review effectiveness of completed and ongoing product safety culture plan activities
The impact of any applicable legislative and certification scheme changes
Raw Material Fraud

MANAGEMENT REVIEW MINUTES

Product Safety and Quality Management SystemForm Ref1.4F11.1.1 Rev No:61.1.1 Page:Page 1 of 71.1.1 Date:10 July 2020Approved By:DirectorName: Clive SchlachterSigned:

Controlled Copy

